[Spark] Add Filters section for Java (#226)
mongodb/docs-spark-connector: source/java/filters.rst

.. include:: /includes/pushed-filters.rst

> You can use `Java Aggregation Expressions <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/java/sync/upcoming/fundamentals/aggregation-expression-operations/>`__ to filter your data.

Reviewer: S: use an rst target such as the [driver](https://github.com/mongodb/snooty-parser/blob/edc552dca3972874ab566434d14b2f13cc749464/snooty/rstspec.toml#L1428C6-L1430) one

.. include:: /includes/example-load-dataframe.rst

> First, create a DataFrame to connect with your default MongoDB data source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create a DataFrame to connect to your default MongoDB data source:
```

.. code-block:: java

   Dataset<Row> df = spark.read()
                     .format("mongodb")
                     .option("database", "food")
                     .option("collection", "fruit")

>                      .load();

Reviewer: S: not sure about indentation here but should these be pushed in?

> The following example includes only records in which the ``qty`` field is greater than or equal to ``10``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example retrieves only records in which the value of the ``qty`` field is greater than or equal to ``10``:
```

.. code-block:: java

>    dataFrame.getInteger("qty").gte(of(10))

Reviewer 2: I would recommend keeping the example similar to python / scala so something like:

```
df.filter(df.col("gte").gte(30))
```

See example here: https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/api/java/index.html?org/apache/spark/sql/Dataset.html

Author: Yes, this is the same example that's used on the python tab of this section.

I've updated the syntax to use `col()`

The operation outputs the following:

.. code-block:: none

   +---+----+------+
   |_id| qty|  type|
   +---+----+------+
   |2.0|10.0|orange|
   |3.0|15.0|banana|

>    +---+----+------+

Reviewer: S: convert into IO code block?

Author: Ya, this formatting was odd to me too, but I'm matching the formatting of the other tabs and other example on this page. I think I'll open a separate PR to fix them all at one after this is merged. (There's like 10+ on this page and I don't want to clutter up this PR).
